hello good I am the priest n4 and with this
I'm going to show you how to make a video
pendrive that speaks with which we can
install windows xp on our machine
no need to use any CD or
DVD
and we go to google
browser
and we put
and download windows flash
that is going to be the program that we are going to
use
completely free
in Spanish
well, we download
and here instead of giving the download
free of softonic we give here
below it puts you alternative download of
windows flash
that if we give to the other will not want
install a bar until they get
here in the browser and it bothers me
quite the truth
we accept
branch that is downloaded
and well this we are going to close it
on desk
with all that in the description of the video
leave the links
that are needed to download it for
that you do not have to go around
looking for him
we will use this and in my case I
I use daemon tools and then
mount the image
of windows well we have this ready
we go to the folder where it has been
saved open container folder
and here we have it, let's get it out here
outside
and good
we unpack it
here in extract in novi cut
how old is a folder with the same
name where inside we will have all
these files
and here below windsurfing the
we execute and here we have it
and now you put
we give you next
we accept the terms
also and here if we give advanced
we can disable this option
that I do not think it's necessary for anything
and we give next
here as you see we do not have everything in English
that is easy to change
look here where he puts the language here
down
we click and here
we have a little eyelash where we get
all the languages available for this
Program
we look for traditional spanish pandas
Castilians and we give you to apply
then we are ok
and we already have our program
completely in Spanish
and where he puts homework in the kind of tasks
here as in my case we are going to make a
pendrive you talk with a windows xp
we puncture this that in fact brings it
default
Y
we are here in the tic this
we give it to next one we will leave this
window where the route will go where
we have saved the image made of
OS
we look for it in the folder where
have kept me in this case what
I have mounted a virtual unit with
daemon tour I will also put it
the link in the description so that the
downloads if you do not have to do it
so you can also
It can be done through
we go more normalitos with decompress the
image made with the winrar and put it in
a folder is also worth
h
we accept and open and the usb drive
Well, we're going to team
removable disk drive f
will already have 4 GB so the space
enough since the image made from here
worried
at less than 700 megabytes
that is important that you always do
with a pendrive
they connected enough
here we accept all the terms of the
agreements and we continue we get this
message warning message where we
indicates that formatting will erase all
data of the destination unit that is
our pendrive will stay clean or
if you want to save some file
important because he has forgotten
take a folder on our computer
before doing this operation
and ready
and well here we give ok
and it starts
the program
to transfer the data of
of the operating system within our
pendrive
well then once the
file transfer
we have practically finished
we give next comes this window we
warns that some computers
especially older ones that
You can not be bootable of
flash
and nothing
we left the program
and we go to the computer and
we check if the files are
effectively here they are
and good you are
up here we get that's all I hope
that you liked it has been of
utility and nothing a like if you want and
until next time